### 5. FARMER RESPONSIBILITIES

At all times during the Term of this Agreement or the period when Content is maintained in your 3Node, whichever is longer:

1. You will comply with the terms of this Agreement, the [Generic Disclaimer](../disclaimer.md), [ThreeFold Website Terms](./terms_conditions_websites.md) and [Privacy Policy](../privacypolicy.md) and any other terms and conditions required by in connection herewith, the Open Source Licenses, and the terms of all other agreements to which you are a party in connection with your performance under this Agreement including, without limitation, any agreement you have with a third-party Internet service provider.
2. You will operate the 3Node in strict compliance with terms of this Agreement and any applicable laws or regulations, and will not take any action not expressly authorized hereunder.
3. Without prejudice to your rights under any applicable Open Source license, you will not modify or attempt to modify the Software for any purpose including but not limited to attempting to circumvent the audit, bypass security, manipulate the performance of, or otherwise disrupt the ThreeFold_Grid for any reason, including but not limited to attempting to increase the amount of data stored or bandwidth utilized or the amount of Farmed TFTs, as defined herein, and you will not otherwise interfere with the operation of the ThreeFold_Grid.
4. You will provide and maintain the 3Node so that, at all times, it will meet the minimum requirements set out for either pre configured servers (‘certified hardware’) or ‘do-it-yourself’ servers. [Read more here](../../../documentation/farmers/farmers.md).
5. You will implement and maintain adequate administrative, organizational, physical and technical safeguards to ensure the protection, confidentiality, security, and integrity of the 3Node and Content and shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that Content are not disclosed, accessed, used, modified, or distributed except as expressly authorized under this Agreement.
6. You acknowledge and agree that by running the Software on your hardware device and allowing IT Capacity to be made available on the TF Grid to the Users and TFCHAIN, you may act as a cloud service provider under certain circumstances and as such qualify as a processor or sub-processor under the General Data Processing Directive (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC) (‘GDPR’). You undertake to comply with any legal obligations which may possibly be applicable to you as a data processor under the GDPR and/or any other applicable data privacy regulations.
7. You acknowledge and agree that by running the Software on your hardware device and allowing IT Capacity to be made available on the TF Grid to the Users, your 3Node may be impacted due to additional constraints being placed on it by the Software and the processing of Content. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, your 3Node may not operate as quickly as it would without running the Software and making IT Capacity available for use by Users.
8. In connection with your use of the Software and/or operation of a 3Node hereunder, Company may, provide updates to the software which will be automatically provided and installed. You acknowledge that these updates are done automatically on your 3node or any other web site or portal and you don't have the ability to confirm such an update. This update mechanism might be revisited at the end of 2020 and will be communicated accordingly. These updates need to be done automatically for now, because ThreeFold_Grid consists out of many components which are depending on each other and need the right version to be installed.
9. In connection with your use of the Software and/or operation of a 3Node hereunder, Company may, from time to time, require you to affirm and/or reaffirm your agreement to the terms of this Agreement, and in such case, your continued use of the Software is contingent upon your promptly providing such affirmation as requested by Company.
10. You, as the Famer, acknowledge that you retain administrative and/or physical control over to whom you grant access to the applicable 3Node. You are responsible for maintaining the physical security of the 3Node
11. Company may suspend Famer’s participation in the ThreeFold_Grid if Company believes the Farmer to be: (a) violating any term of this Agreement; or (b) using the ThreeFold_Grid in a manner that Company reasonably believes may cause a security risk, a disruption to the ThreeFold_Grid, or liability for Company or any persons involved in the ThreeFold Open Source project.