### 15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT,SEVERABILITY, WAIVER

1. This Agreement sets forth the complete and final agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersedes, replaces all prior agreements, written and oral, between them concerning the subject matter hereof. If a term of this Agreement to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. A party’s consent to, or waiver of, enforcement of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or such provision on any other occasion.
2. We reserve the right to change this Agreement from time to time in our sole discretion. If we make material changes to this Agreement, we will provide notice of such changes, such as by posting the revised Farmer Terms and Conditions to the Software and on our Websites. By continuing to access or use the Software or otherwise participate in the ThreeFold_Grid after the posted effective date of modifications to this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the revised version of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the modified Agreement, you must stop interacting with the ThreeFold_Grid and disconnect all your 3Node.
3. The parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, franchise, joint venture, or employment relationship is intended or created by this Agreement. Neither party has the power or authority to create or assume any obligation, or make any representations or warranties, on behalf of the other party.
4. The Farmer agrees that the Company may transfer and assign the Agreement in its sole discretion, provided a notice of such assignment is sent to the Farmer within fifteen days of such assignment.
5. Notices to Company made under this Agreement shall be made by email to legal@threefold.io AND in writing and delivered by registered mail (return receipt requested) or nationally-recognized overnight courier service to ThreeFold_Dubai, with registered office at BA1120 DMCC BUSINESS CENTRE, LEVEL NO 1, JEWELLERY & GEMPLEX 3, DUBAI, UNITED EMIRATES ARAB, attention Legal Department. You agree to receive electronically all communications, agreements, documents, notices, and disclosures that we provide in connection with the Software and/or the ThreeFold_Grid ("**Communications**"). We may provide Communications in a variety of ways, including by e-mail, text, in-app notifications, or by posting them on our websites. You agree that all Communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
