### 11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

No rights are granted to the Farmer hereunder other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Except for Software subject to the Open Source Licenses, and except for any rights expressly granted under this Agreement, Company and its licensors own and shall retain all right, title, and interest in and to the ThreeFold_Grid and all related software (including any improvements, enhancements, customizations, and modifications thereto), the Documentation, and the Related Data, including, without limitation, all related intellectual property rights therein. For purposes hereof, the term "**Related Data**" means data derived from operation of the 3Node and of the ThreeFold_Grid via the 3Node, and any data that is aggregated by Company (including aggregations with data sourced from other Farmers and other third party data sources), and data and information regarding the Farmer’s access to and participation in the ThreeFold_Grid, including, without limitation, statistical usage data derived from the operation of the 3Node and ThreeFold_Grid and configurations, log data and the performance results related thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting Company from utilizing Related Data to optimize and improve the ThreeFold_Grid or otherwise operate Company’s business; provided that if Company provides Related Data to third parties, such Related Data shall be de-identified and presented in the aggregate so that it will not disclose the identity of Farmers to any third party.

The ThreeFold_Grid may include access to various confidential and proprietary third party data that is utilized along with the IT Capacity, and all such data is owned by the applicable third party source or vendor. Farmer may only use such data as part of the ThreeFold_Grid and may not extract or otherwise utilize any such data except as included in and in connection with the ThreeFold_Grid. This data may be compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to, public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate or complete, or up-to-date and is subject to ongoing and continual change without notice. Neither Company nor its third party data sources make any representations or warranties regarding the data and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the data.

Company shall have a royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use or incorporate into the Software and/or the ThreeFold_Grid any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information provided by Farmers relating to the features, functionality, or operation thereof ("**Feedback**"). Company shall have no obligation to use Feedback, and Farmer shall have no obligation to provide Feedback.
