### 9. CAPACITY SALES (‘UTILIZATION’) = TFGrid 2.X

#### 9.1 General Principles

Users (such as developers or other persons requiring IT Capacity) can rent IT Capacity from the ThreeFold_Grid in exchange for ThreeFold_Tokens (TFTs), which creates a natural economic demand. We call this process of selling IT Capacity on the ThreeFold_Grid "**Utilization**".

ThreeFold_Tokens (TFTs) are used to buy or sell IT Capacity as delivered by the Capacity Pools on the ThreeFold_Grid. In order to do so, the Farmer shall sell the IT Capacity produced on the ThreeFold_Grid via the "**ThreeFold Directory**" (or “TF Directory”). The TF Directory acts like a ‘marketplace’ for selling IT Capacity generated by the Farmer’s 3Nodes. The TF Directory has been implmented by a tool called TF Explorer see http://explorer.grid.tf

In order to access the TF Directory and sell IT Capacity on the ThreeFold_Grid, the TF Grid user or Solution Provider offering services on the TFGrid must deploy a virtual system administrator, called the "**3Bot**". This 3bot is used, amongst others, to sell and buy IT Capacity (raw storage and compute resources) on the ThreeFold_Grid.

The reservation and use of the Farmer’s IT Capacity by the User is effected through "Smart Contracts for IT". The Smart Contract for IT will then be executed automatically by the software code and the requested IT workload will be deployed. The TF Explorer calculates the required TFT Token price and makes sure that the TF Farmer receives their cultivated tokens.

#### 9.2 Utilization Mechanism

IT capacity is expressed in compute & storage units.

- CU = [Compute Units](../../cloud/cloudunits.md)
- SU = [Storage Units](../../cloud/cloudunits.md)

The pricing is expressed as follows:

- CP = Compute Unit price - expressed in USD
- SP = Storage Unit price - expressed in USD

- T = Token price in USD at time of capacity reservation

Certified Farmers are free to determine the pricing of their IT Capacity. DIY (Do It Yourself) farmers have to rely on the TF Foundation to set the price of the CU and SU.
TF Foundation will do this with all best intentions in mind.

The IT capacity is sold through the TF Explorer using the smart contract for IT concept. TF Explorer is the inventory of all IT capacity available for consumption on the ThreeFold_Grid. See http://explorer.grid.tf/

Each farmer needs to register their TFT wallet in the TF Explorer and the certified farmers can register the price for the CU/SU on the TF Exlorer as well by using their farming 3bot.

> Utilization in TFT = (CU _ CP + SU _ SP) / T \* 0.9

Utilization in TFT are the TFT (Tokens) the Farmer receives when capacity has been sold as result of provisioning the IT workload by means of the IT smart contract concept.

As a result of executing the IT smart contract, 90% of the proceeds (in TFT) of the capacity sold is send to the wallet of the Farmer, 10% is send to the TF Foundation Wallet, this is an automatic action.

#### 9.3 TF Foundation Fee and License Fees TFTech

The Company (the "**Foundation Fee**") receives 10% of sales done of Cloud Units on the TF Explorer (as described above). The Company will use the revenues from the Foundation Fees to fund its projects and objectives, including, amongst others, to promote, maintain and expand the ThreeFold_Grid. The Company might also decide to burn part of those tokens (TFT) to lower the total amount of tokens in the field (burning means, destroy tokens).

In case the Farmer chooses to purchase a license from TF Tech NV in order to qualify as a Certified Farmer and provide Certified Capacity on the ThreeFold_Grid, the Farmer shall pay the relevant fee (as agreed between the Farmer and TF Tech NV directly) to TF Tech NV (the "**Certification License Fee**").

#### 9.4 Taxes

You (The Farmer) will be responsible for payment of all applicable taxes (if any) associated with your Utilization of ThreeFold_Tokens (i.e. sale of IT Capacity), including but not limited to value added taxes, sales taxes, custom taxes, and taxes on gross receipts and income.

The Farmer shall seek all necessary tax advice in order to comply with any applicable tax regulations when providing IT Capacity to Users on the ThreeFold_Grid. By way of example, the Farmer acknowledges that within the European Union, as from 1 January 2015, telecommunications, broadcasting and electronically supplied services are always taxed in the country of the customer (i.e. the tax residence of the User) – regardless of whether the User is a business or a consumer.

In view thereof, the Farmer will determine the applicable Farmer’s Compute Unit Price and Storage unit Price (as referred to in section 9.2 above) taking into account any aforementioned taxes that may apply. ThreeFold will not be held liable for the Farmer’s failure to comply with its legal obligations, including but not limited to its obligation to pay any applicable taxes, and the Farmer will indemnify and hold harmless the Company for claims against the Company from any tax authorities in respect of such non-compliance by the Farmer.

#### 9.5 Modification

The Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this section 9 (‘_Capacity Sales - ‘Utilization’_’) at any time, including but not limited to the determination of the Foundation Fee. In case of modification to these terms, the Company shall inform the Farmer at least one month in advance. In case the Farmer would not agree to such modifications, the Farmer shall have the right to immediately and unilaterally terminate this Agreement by disconnecting the Farming Pool from the ThreeFold_Grid.

#### 9.6 Breach

In addition to its other rights and remedies under this Agreement, the Farmer forfeit any right to compensation under this Agreement if Farmer breaches any terms thereof.