### 8. TFT Minting (Token Creation ‘FARMING of capacity’) For TFGrid 3.x

#### 8.1 General Principle

Farmers who connect 3Nodes on an ongoing basis to the ThreeFold_Grid by running the Software and making IT Capacity available to the Users, get rewarded by receiving ThreeFold tokens (TFTs) which are generated by the Software. TFTs are exclusively issued (created) by the TFChain for each active Capacity Pool which gets and remains connected to the ThreeFold_Grid. Such issuance of TFTs that results from connecting a 3Node to the ThreeFold_Grid and making IT Capacity available on a global scale to Users is called "**Farming**".

#### 8.2 Calculation of Farmed TFTs

The details of farming (minting of TFT’s) are described on our [farming logic](../../farming/farming_reward.md) and this location serves as master for the TFT Reward Process. The wiki is version controlled (on github), so all changes can be followed.All connected IT Capacity gets registered on the TFChain, i.e. ThreeFolds blockchain software. Each month the TFChain issues new TFTs and transfers them to Farmers in respect of each 3Node that remained connected to the ThreeFold_Grid during the preceding month, using the following calculation in respect of each 3Node:


The amount of TFTs that are Farmed hence depends on three variables:

_1. Proof-of-Capacity_

The specs of the Farmer’s relevant 3Node:

- Compute Capacity (CPU) = CRU
- Memory Capacity (RAM) = MRU
- Storage Capacity (SSD/HDD) = SRU/HRU

_2. PRICE OF TFT = THREEFOLD TOKEN_

The Price of TFT is registered at point of connection or an averaged out period.

Each farmer needs to register their TFT farming account in the TF Explorer through the TF Chain (see manual).

_3. Certification_

When connecting reliable hardware the Farmer can request a certification from TF Tech NV which leads to increased earnings in TFT for such ‘Certified Farmers’. We automatically measure uptime, bandwidth and the utilization of the node for this certification. The details of this certification have to be further defined and will be set out on our wiki.

The specific way how farming rewards are calculated is specified on:

- [Farming Reward](../../farming/farming_reward.md)
- [Proof-of-Capacity](../../farming/proof_of_capacity.md)


#### 8.3 Uptime

In addition thereto, the Company will determine in its sole discretion the reasonable uptime that each 3Node of the Farmer needs to to achieve when they register their 3Node(s) in the TFChain. ThreeFold expects most 3Nodes to achieve an uptime of more than 98%, commercial providers can go as high as 99.9%. The TFChain will only issue TFTs if the IT Capacity was connected to the internet and was usable during the last month at least up to the specified uptime guarantee.

#### 8.4 Taxes

You will be solely responsible for payment of all applicable taxes (if any) associated with your Farming of ThreeFold tokens (TFTA, TFT), including but not limited to value added taxes, taxes on gross receipts and income, Social Security taxes, business license fees and other payment obligations applicable to your business.

#### 8.5 Modification

The Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this section 8 (‘_Capacity Measurement and Minting - ‘Farming’_) at any time. Such amendments will be subject to the approval of the majority of the Farmers (whereby majority is measured based on nr of 3Nodes a Farmer has, each 3Node entitles the Farmer to one vote, Farmers who do not vote have no say in the decision process) who participate in an online poll organized by the Company or the DAO. 

In case of modification to these terms, the Company or DAO shall inform the Farmer at least one month in advance. In case the Farmer would not agree to such modifications, the Farmer shall have the right to immediately and unilaterally terminate this Agreement by disconnecting the Farming Pool from the ThreeFold_Grid.

The TFChain and TFGrid capabilities & specifications can change over time after getting consensus from the DAO .
The specific requirements and workings of the DAO are or will be publised on our wikisystem: [https://library.threefold.me](https://library.threefold.me).

If the DAO (by means of X nr of members of the Community) agree on a change of the protocol used or specifications for the Software or TFGrid then the Validators can allow and execute an upgrade of the system (TFChain as well as ZERO-OS software). Farmers and Users accept changes introduced this way, they accept that any of above mentioned variables can be changed that way.
