### 13. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

The Farmer hereby acknowledges the fact that he/she has been advised that TFTs may qualify as a security and that the offers and sales of TFTs have not been registered under any country’s securities laws and, therefore, cannot be resold except in compliance with the applicable country’s laws.

The Farmer understands that the use of TFTs, the Software and/or the ThreeFold_Grid involves risks, all of which the Farmer fully and completely assumes, including, but not limited to, the risk that (i) the technology associated with the ThreeFold_Grid, 3Node and/or related Threefold products will not function as intended; (ii) the Threefold project will not be completed; (iii) Threefold will fail to attract sufficient interest from key stakeholders; and (iv) ThreeFold or any related parties may be subject to investigation and punitive actions from governmental authorities.

Except as explicitly set forth herein, Company makes no representations that the Software is appropriate for use in any jurisdictions. Farmers engaging with the ThreeFold_Grid from any jurisdictions do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

The Farmer understands and expressly accepts that the TFTs, the Software and the ThreeFold_Grid were created and delivered to the Farmer at the sole risk of the Farmer on an "AS IS" and “UNDER DEVELOPMENT” basis.

COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE, THREEFOLD GRID, OR DOCUMENTATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS FREE, OR FREE OF MALICIOUS CODE OR HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. COMPANY DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE, SPONSOR, OR ADOPT ANY CONTENT AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE CONTENT STORED ON THE THREEFOLD GRID. COMPANY HAS NO OBLIGATION TO SCREEN, MONITOR, OR EDIT CONTENT AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY CONTENT. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT COMPANY HAS NO INDEMNITY, SUPPORT, SERVICE LEVEL, OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.

The Undersigned understands and expressly acknowledges that it has not relied on any representations or warranties made by the Company, TF Tech NV, Bettertoken NV, Kristof De Spiegeleer, any person or entity involved in the development or promotion of the Software and/or the ThreeFold project, or any related parties, including, but not limited to, conversations of any kind, whether through oral or electronic communication or otherwise, or any whitepapers or other documentation.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE FARMER ASSUMES ALL RISK AND LIABILITY FOR THE RESULTS OBTAINED BY THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, THE THREEFOLD GRID AND/OR THE THREEFOLD TOKENS AND REGARDLESS OF ANY ORAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENTS MADE BY THREEFOLD, BY WAY OF TECHNICAL ADVICE OR OTHERWISE, RELATED TO THE USE THEREOF.

COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, OR DATA USE, OR DAMAGE TO BUSINESS) HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER BY BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE CAUSE OF ACTION EVEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE OR IF SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE, AND COMPANY SHALL ONLY BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT DAMAGES CAUSED BY ITS GROSS NEGLIGENCE. IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED EURO (€ 100.00).
